    The Proving Grounds Help FileMain Menu---------A) Enter the Bazaar.  This is where you can buy and sell weapons and armor.You can also buy spells, food, and medical help.B)  Board access.  Use the message    bases.C) hat with the Sysop.D) Dungeon has four sub-categories.     C) orridor of Death.  This is a 200 room mini-adventure where you can gain a lot of experience and gold.  Magical weapons that cannot be bought can also be found in the Corridor of Death.  All spells work in theCorridor of Death.     D) ungeon.  Fight monsters rangingfrom level 1 to level 10. A total of 200monsters are available.     P) roving Grounds.  This is where you can fight any user who is twolevels below or any amount higher thanyou are.     R) andom Play.  You will get a monster ranging from level 1 to level 10.  The monsters gold and experience will be doubled.E) Electronic Mail among users.F) eedback.  Leave mail to the Sysop.G) ambling.  Play either Roulette, Slots, Blackjack, or Russian Roulette. H) Fight Quickscan.  Tells you which users you are able to fight.J) Play the Adventure.  900 Rooms withtalking characters, elevators,teleporters, 200 monsters, items,traps, chests, Holy Water, a 200 roommaze, plus much much more.K) visit your Treasury.  This is whereyou can keep your gold so that you willnot lose it if you are killed in a userbattle.  Your treasury can be robbedbut to do so a user has to get by yourcastle defences first.  More on thislater.   L) The Ladder.  This tells you what users ranks are.  The best fighter/userwill be listed as number 1 on the rank.  The 11'th best users will be the11'th...etc...Every user has a rank.  Your rank is told to you every time youlog on.  The Ladder is redone every night at 12.M) ember Listing.N) ews/Updates.O) ff.  Leave the board.P) Print Gold and Equipment.R) Re-roll character/Make a newCharacter.S) Show Time and Date.T) Trade Stats.  Trade one stat for another.  You can also trade hitpoints for power and visa-versa.V) voting booth.  Get 100 time yourlevel gold and experience for voting.X) mailing Address/Fees/Full validation.  Y) our stats.     Agility:  How often and how well you hit your opponent.     Wisdom:  Used to see how effectiveyour spells are....     Intelligence:  Used to see how many hit points you gain when you go upa level..     Strength:  How powerful you are and how much damage you do when you hit..     Maximum Hit Points and MaximumPower:  These are the maximum amount ofhit points and power you can have atyour current level.  Maximum pointsnever go down.     Hit Points:  When you have 0 hit points you are dead.      Power:  Used to cast spells.  Every spell reduces your power.     Food:  Used in the Corridor of Death and the Adventure.  If you runout you will begin to starve and loseHit Points.Z) view the caller log for the day.#) View fight outcomes.  View all the fight outcomes between users for thatday.^) View this file.*) View Control Character functions.@) Change Password.&) Brief Important fact file. Every newUser should read this!/)  Add another call onto your time.%)  Joust a user.  Joust a different userwin gold. +)  Castle Editor.  Your castle iswhere you keep you can keep your goldother than your person.  Furtherdescription is available in the castleeditor itself.Special spells--------------Increase:  Increases your Hit Pointsor Power to twice that of Your MaximumPower or Hit Points.  Only temporarilythough.Super Increase:  Increase both yourhit points and power at the same time.Protect: Increase the power of your armor for a certain amount of hits. Keeps about 1/3 of the damage off.  Youcan stack Protect on top of each other for longer use.Super Protect:  A longer lastingprotect spell.Teleport:  Teleports you out of the Corridor of Death at any time.Resurrect:  Will Resurrect you if you die in the Corridor of Death or in the Adventure.Negate   :  This spell will make it sothat no spells can be cast in anybattle that you many be in.Death:  Takes off half of a monstersEXISTING hit points.Well, that's about it.  Any questions Leave Feedback.