 be a ritual roomwhere priests and acolytes sacrificehuman prisoners in worship of theirself-aclaimed god, the Black Adept.The focal point of the room seems to bea small metal stake hammered directlydirectly into the stone floor.  A smallfire has been build around the stake,probably for a soon to come sacrifice.The Dead End080400-1You seem to have stumbled upon a deadend.  The long corridor stops hereabruptly terminating itself at aenormous stone wall to the north.  Asyou are about to leave you stop aseries of foot prints.  Strange....they seem to walk right through thenorthern wall.The Metal Doors00830828-1Portable Laser CannonDirectly to your north, just off thebeautiful garden path, is a set ofsturdy metal doors.  According to asign above the door, entrance is onlyallowed to Priests and the Black Adepthimself.  Jeeze.  Guess they must bekeeping some pretty important stuff inthere to warrant such extreme security.The Marble Statue082000-1Jeweled CrownThis room appears to be some sort ofart gallery.  Paintings, many of themdone by the famous painter-inventerMichaelangelo.  Many statues can alsobe seen but one statue in particularseems to stand out.  It is a largedelicately carved statue of the lateKing Elendil the second.  What a trulyremarkable work of art.The Fountain Room084600-1Gold TalismanOh, how beautiful!  In the center ofthis room is a lovely fountain con-structed of the purest of white marblein the shape of a young nake elf.  Thefountains water, a light refreshingblue, seems to be almost magical.  Infact, as you pear into the water youspot a small golden object resting onthe bottom. You can't seem to reach it.The Black Adepts Armory0000-1Portable Laser CannonThis is the private armory of theBlack Adept where he keeps all of hismost powerful weapons.  You are soentranced by the vast array of killingtools that you fail to notice that thewall has reappeared.  You are nowtotally traped in this small room.There is no way out.The Black Room07700-1Black DiamondSitting in the center of the room,under a small glass case, is abeautiful black diamond.  Other thanthat this room is completely empty.The only exit is to the south througha secret door built directly into theside of a stone wall.The White Podium0000-1White DiamondStanding in the center of this roomis a small white podium.  Severalhuman skeletons surround the object.These people had apparently starvedto death in here.  There are no exits.The Black Adepts Chamber00850-14My God!  This is the Black Adepts room!Standing only a foot away from you isa man of pure evil.  He stares at youand speaks 'I knew you would comethough I did not expect you to arriveso soon.  All the better.  You shallsimply die a few days earlier.  Preparemortal, you shall soon be DEAD!'The Detonation Room0000-1Thermonuclear BombAs you enter the room the door closesbehind you.  You are, once again,trapped.  This room appears to be afailsafe room for the Black Adept.  Ifall else fails and doom was certain hecould destroy the entire mountain fromthis one room.  Lying on a table isa Thermonuclear Bomb detonator.  Simplyadd a bomb and in 1 minute Kabloom!!!!Matilda's Bed0000-8Tsk Tsk Tsk.  Trying to leave Matildabefore she is finsihed with you?  Sucha shame, you were one of the betterones, not to quick to the gun if youknow what I mean!  Well, say goodbyeadventurer!"  Matilda's eyes begin toflare, her nipples becomming hard anderect.  Zap!!!!  Fire begins to shootout of her eyes!  She burns your dickto cinders then all goes black.In the Pond0000-8With one quick motion you dive into thepond and begin to swim for your life.To your surprise the fish don't attack.You might actually survive!  But wait......Just as you are about to reachsafety you are swallowed by a 24-footgreen Troll Fish.  You scream as yourbody is slowly digested.